well it's been a couple of years in the
making but the 2011 Durango is here and
I've got to say it doesn't disappoint
and I'm here with Eric Andrews from
Dodge mate this is the Citadel version
behind us tell us what's going on with
you Durango I feel this is the set of
the top of the line of the new Dodge
Durango line so Durango is all new for
2011 it's new architecture so it's a
unibody design so you got independent
front and rear suspension standard 3.6
liter v6 or the 5.7 liter Hemi case you
need it for towing and all that kind of
outdoorsy and the outdoor stuff
beautiful interiors really what makes
the durango really just awesome and in
this little version is just the creme de
la creme in this one we've got a
beautiful black and tan thing going on
so when you get inside it's just really
gorgeous beautiful leathers lots of soft
touch materials throughout so you get in
and if you put on the drag on the
passion you didn't take a look this one
you can be really really happy with what
you see you mentioned the interiors and
in 2011 Dodgers really upped the ante
when it comes to interiors other night
yeah you know we went out we looked at
they are our customers and talk totally
you know we ask them all the time you
know what is it that you want and they
really wanted nicer interiors a little
more attention to detail and we gave
them that in spades I think with what
you're seeing here on the SEMA floor and
this Citadel version of the Durango is
no exception has there been many changes
to the engine because the durango in my
opinion is always been known for a
stonking power plant yeah so you've got
the 57 liter Hemi so you've got all the
power that you'd ever want in this kind
of a vehicle yet when you're cruising
down the road it goes into fuel saver
mode you're cruising with four cylinders
so you gonna get really pretty easy you
know good gas mileage with this car
obviously this is the Citadel version is
it going to be much different from the
standard Durango that we're going to see
in showrooms know what you see here is
basically what you're going to see in
the showrooms a civil version is the top
of the line but with every version every
edition every model of the Durango
it's going to be you know we've got
something it'll fill everybody's needs
so from cars with cloth interiors and
five passenger seating to something like
you see here with the Citadel with
leather and seven passenger seating so
we've got we've got you covered so if
I'm in the market for durango right now
where do I go so you're going to go to
dodge stock come check it out you'll see
these roll into showrooms around january
but stay close to dodge calm and then
once you start seeing little more
information there go check out your
dealer and they will be happy to help
you out it's definitely worth a look
it's gorgeous inside and out it for 2011
dodge durango